For several years, Russian courts have misapplied legislation on extremism to ban some publications
of Jehovah's Witnesses.
The witnesses in Russia are appealing those decisions, but in the meantime, they have
removed the publications from their houses of warship.
However, some officials fabricate evidence to charge the witnesses with extremism by planting
banned literature in their houses of warship.
Recently, Jehovah's Witnesses in Sevastopol thwarted attempts by law enforcement officers
who resorted to this tactic.
Law enforcement officials arrived at a kingdom hall of Jehovah's Witnesses in Sevastopol
on July 19, 2015, during a religious meeting.
Our service was completed, when the police officers came to the hall of the police
and they read the instruction of the court to check the hall and its territory,
as if it were to reveal the material of the extremist character.
I noticed that the police officer had received a book, which was written on the list of the extremist materials.
I was trying to throw myself into the table, but I started to feel sad and very loud.
I was young and I was like, why do you have a Bible in your hands?
He was lost and started to leave the hall.
I also saw that the police had covered the publication of the paper and it was quite emotional.
I was like, well, who are you?
But you are filming, who are you?
The officer, who wasn't playing clothes and refused to identify himself, quickly tried to leave the premises.
However, the witnesses were able to stop him.
Another law enforcement officer explained the policeman's actions.
A similar incident took place in November 2015 in the city of Balakova, Sarada region,
where the local Jehovah's Witnesses rent a building for religious meetings.
The security video camera in the courtroom shows a man arriving at the religious meeting
and planting several copies of a book that is on the federal list of extremist materials.
Before the police arrived, the witnesses had already removed the books.
And when they finished their service, the police came to the hall and went to the prosecutor's office and other witnesses.
It was clear that they were looking for a front-to-earth literature.
We immediately watched the recording of the cameras, the observations and found out that the literature was taken away by one of the suspects
who had previously been killed by the witness.
The number of attempts to plan banned literature in buildings used by Jehovah's Witnesses for worship has recently increased.
The fabricated evidence is used as a basis to bring charges of extremist activity against the witnesses,
with the goal of liquidating their local legal entities.
This is exactly what happened in Samara in January 2014.
And during this process, there was a few publications that were in the list of extremist ones.
Therefore, the majority of the publications were put into consideration that the data publications were found in advance and then found out.
The prosecutor stopped our activity and, accordingly, the court was under arrest.
He supported the decision.
The court ignored evidence showing that the publications had been planted and ruled to liquidate the local religious organization of Jehovah's Witnesses in Samara.
For now, Jehovah's Witnesses in Sevastopol and Balakova have foiled the attempts to fabricate evidence that could later be used against them.
The authorities did not recognize some publications by the witness of Jehovah's Witnesses and put them in the list of extremist materials.
In order to avoid negative consequences, the believers had already taken away all publications from their own service building.
Then, the legal authorities came to the law of the method in order to justify their accused of extremism by the witness of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I am one of the pages of today's pages.
This is the image of the despicable buildings in the list of extremist materials.
The aim is to fabricate evidence.
Then, the perpetrator was taken away by the witness and, as it would not be expected, in the court buildings, there are prohibited publications.
Such cases are happening in all parts of the country.
What does this mean?
The fact that the witness of Jehovah's Witnesses do not violate the law.
Therefore, some representatives of the law enforcement organizations are forced to any means, even to falsification of evidence, only to accuse them of extremism.
In the real time of the European Court of the Law of the Human Rights, the decision of the Russian courts, which were mistakenly announced by the public by the witness of Jehovah's Witnesses, extremists.